338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: api/data-retention/index.md

---
title: Data retention

> excerpt: Tiger CloudAPI reference for data retention. Includes SQL functions for adding and removing data retention policies that run on a schedule that you define

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: TimescaleDB API reference for data retention. Includes SQL functions for adding and removing data retention policies that run on a schedule that you define
```
